README.md, before:

# The Open Ecosystem Federation

## About

We are a federation of parties across Government, the private sector and academia with a shared vision of building an ecosystem toolkit based on open technical standards and a repeatable framework of advice concerning governance, rules of engagement, legislation and ethics.  All ecosystem participants will benefit either by sharing or selling the reasoning they have derived from - or value they have added to - the information available to them.


## Our mission

- maintain an open and collaborative approach across government, industry and academia
- reduce the cost of moving information, things and people
- permit parties to borrow due diligence and make decisions based on the composition of distributed expertise
- reduce duplication in the storage of information
- reduce duplication of inference over information
- allow rapid decision making and inference over machine readable data
- reduce the impact of IT on the environment
- decrease the cost of administration over valuable and highly re-used insight and information

## Motivation

See [motivation](motivation) for more background on why we are doing this.


## The Federation

- Factern
- Food Standards Agency (FSA)
- Future Borders
- Government Digital Service (GDS)
- HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC)
- Idemia
- [Recruiting...]


## History

- 2020/01 to 2020/03
  - Future Borders and HMRC sponsor an eight week Alpha to build on the work in the OIX wihtepaper
- 2019/11
  - OIX Published [Event-based Attribute Assurance Whitepaper](https://openidentityexchange.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/191101-Building-a-Trusted-Environment-Whitepaper-FINAL.pdf)
- 2019/05 to 2019/08
  - OIX Attribute and Event exchange discovery workshops through the summer

Commit message:

add ecosystem clearly as a mission objective

README.md, after:

# The Open Ecosystem Federation

## About

We are a federation of parties across Government, the private sector and academia with a shared vision of building an ecosystem toolkit based on open technical standards and a repeatable framework of advice concerning governance, rules of engagement, legislation and ethics.  All ecosystem participants will benefit either by sharing or selling the reasoning they have derived from - or value they have added to - the information available to them.


## Our mission

- maintain an open and collaborative approach across government, industry and academia
- build a set of composable parts comprising an **ecosystem toolkit**
- reduce the cost of moving information, things and people
- permit parties to borrow due diligence and make decisions based on the composition of distributed expertise
- reduce duplication in the storage of information
- reduce duplication of inference over information
- allow rapid decision making and inference over machine readable data
- reduce the impact of IT on the environment
- decrease the cost of administration over valuable and highly re-used insight and information

## Motivation

See [motivation](motivation) for more background on why we are doing this.


## The Federation

- Factern
- Food Standards Agency (FSA)
- Future Borders
- Government Digital Service (GDS)
- HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC)
- Idemia
- [Recruiting...]


## History

- 2020/01 to 2020/03
  - Future Borders and HMRC sponsor an eight week Alpha to build on the work in the OIX wihtepaper
- 2019/11
  - OIX Published [Event-based Attribute Assurance Whitepaper](https://openidentityexchange.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/191101-Building-a-Trusted-Environment-Whitepaper-FINAL.pdf)
- 2019/05 to 2019/08
  - OIX Attribute and Event exchange discovery workshops through the summer
